the NSA has collected your phone calls
and emails to keep you safe if they
didn't collect the information you would
be scared rest assured you can sleep
well tonight because a newly released
report has confirmed that the NSA is
still collecting your data and storing
it in their multi-billion dollar
facility all sheep please remain in
single file your obedience is appr
appreciate it you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you
today we are going to have our focus on
the NSA I'm try to make this brief let's
begin with
this it shouldn't surprise anybody what
has happened since Edward Snowden
released the
documents huge
whistleblower so much information was
coming out in the weeks
after and we became aware
that the NSA was collecting everything
and I mean
everything if you look at this even
after they promised that they would
reain it all in and they wouldn't just
do bulk data
collection
still
151 million times the estimated number
of call detail records received from
providers and stored in NSA
repositories that's what they're
admitting that's what's on the
books I wouldn't be surprised if you can
add a few more digits to this at the end
it truly would not surprise
me and so that's what we have
so if I move into this article out of
the New York Times which basically makes
reference to this report the NSA took in
the 151 million records despite
obtaining court orders to use the system
on only
42 terrorism suspects in 2016 along with
a few left over from
2015 151 million records created by 42
suspects seems a little unusual to me
the volume of Records was apparently a
product of not only the exponential math
involved in gathering years of phone
records from every caller a step away
from each suspect but also duplication
and they go
on maybe it's true maybe the 151 million
records is for these 42
suspects but there is not an ounce of me
that believes that they have stopped
collecting data on
everyone maybe it's not the NSA directly
but maybe they have a subsidiary maybe
they have contracts with different
company
maybe it's not even the NSA at all maybe
it's another agency of the government
we've just found out that the NSA was
the one who had been collecting so much
information we don't know what we'll
find in the coming years and how much of
it is going to remain unknown I'm sure
most of
it so there's more on that let me just
show you something I thought this was
interesting I had to do a double take so
I'm looking at the actual website the
actual NSA
website and I read this
sign it says if you have nothing to hide
you have nothing to fear and it looks
like it's right in front of the Utah
data center because I wanted to research
the data center again it's been a few
years since I had read anything about it
multi-billion dollar facility where it's
several times biger ger than the
Pentagon we're looking at a major power
structure right
here and on the front door they have
written if you have nothing to hide you
have nothing to fear I couldn't believe
it I didn't I couldn't believe it okay
that they would actually put that I know
that's what they think and that's sort
of the meme but I didn't think it would
be on the
front so I went in a little further I
had to investigate is this actually the
NSA website is this a govern Government
website and you look right here domestic
surveillance defending our nation
securing the citizens your data if you
have nothing to hide you have nothing to
fear our value is founded on a unique
and deep understanding of risks
vulnerabilities mitigations and threats
domestic surveillance plays a vital role
in our national security they use that
all the time that term by using Advanced
Data Mining systems to connect the dots
to identify suspicious patterns you know
what maybe it's true maybe it actually
does however we know that they have
collected data on people who are not
suspects who are not connected with
suspects who have nothing at all to do
with
suspects yet their data is still
mined in these
systems
so the question is is if you have
nothing to hide do you really have
nothing to
fear some people would say and I've
spoken to many people that say look if
they want to search me and not just the
NSA police or anything if they want to
search me fine I have nothing to
hide and that
really it's not a good idea in my
opinion just like you're walking down
the street police says excuse me sir you
take your pants off we need to search
you you're saying I'm just walking down
the street I have nothing going on
there's there's nothing that I'm doing
wrong and he says if you have nothing to
hide you have nothing to fear and you
may say well you're right I have nothing
to hide I have absolutely nothing in my
pockets and I'm just going uh you know
to see a friend of
mine well that's the whole point it's
that that you haven't committed a
crime you're not suspicious in any way
so why would they need to search you it
goes for searching on your person
searching on your computer in your car
in your phone or anything
else if let's
say a store was just robbed and you were
inside the store and the police start
questioning you I think that's very
reasonable however if you're just
walking down the street and they say
take your pants
off I somehow don't agree with that some
people though they
do and that's why we have this nan0
state doesn't matter what country you
live in then we have this Titan point
the NSA spy Hub in New York hidden in
plain sight if you didn't see this I did
an entire video about
this right in Manhattan a Skyscraper
with no
windows people didn't really know what
it was and didn't question it you can't
even get into the
building and yes it is being used to spy
on
people and nobody really says anything
about it why because what are you going
to do well at least let's bring the
issue to
light this is the NSA this is what they
do this is what the government does they
continue to expand and they start
collecting data on everybody on you and
I yes that's right on foreign
governments that's right on everybody
that they can get their hands on every
digital communication globally yes
that's
right and then we turn this over to the
corporations because I do believe that
the corporations are
complicit in the data mining and you
look at the Bilderberg Group how much it
has changed over the years and you see
that those in the highest
positions of all of these tech companies
attend Bilderberg and they're at all of
these major conferences where the
politicians are meeting and the uh you
know the individuals from the tech
industry and other Industries as well
but you tend to see the
tech those highest level people are
attending all these type of meetings
you can see all the ties that have been
revealed over the years a lot of money
they're not paying taxes they were
funded by them there's a lot of talk
about this a lot of facts too and I
would say that they are definitely on
the same page if not simply just an arm
of the
government Apple has more cash than the
UK and Canada combined firm is set to
reveal as quarterly Financial results
and
reserves of more than a quar of a
trillion dollar it goes on to talk about
the details there essentially I just
wanted to note the fact that these
corporations have so much
money they buy influence they have their
alumni in the highest positions of power
and this is just one very good example
you wonder how do they get away with all
of this well Money Talks
Century cities this is a switching of
the gears by the way Century cities Lux
housing Renaissance new condos offer get
this Botox bars and robot
Butlers I'm not going to get into the
details of this here but essentially
what we have here is talking about this
area of
La hotels opening up giving you all the
modern conveniences and and essentially
the point I wanted to make was that for
those who have
money there's so much being
spent the luxury goods
the
luxury condos houses
cars they are being purchased just like
they always have been it's only the
middle class and the poor who are
suffering the richest of the rich
they're doing well and I assure you in
the longer term they're going to
continue to do well and you see this
type of thing and it really begs the
question where is
all the money for the middle class if
the rich are getting
richer shouldn't the middle class be
getting richer no the middle class is
disappearing the robotic brain surgeon
will see you now drill can perform
complex procedures 50 times faster and I
assure you this is the way it's going
it's not going to happen tomorrow but
once again Robotics and automation
replacing jobs and this time highly
skilled jobs not just turning a
screw so I say to the
Sheep do not fall into this trap if
you're watching this video I won't
recognize
you in here you're probably not one of
these but I'm sure that you know people
right over here that you
recognize I think I know this
guy and this one too
how many people do you
know that you would
recognize in this
herd people just looking to get
slaughtered you hear the comments they
make you see the actions they take and
you
wonder how
far deep into all of this mess these
people are and for the most part a lot
of us at one
point we would have been part of the
sheep but at least we took the effort
slowly but surely to try and ask
ourselves what's going on what's
Happening
Here why are all these people losing
their jobs why is stuff getting more
expensive why are all the politicians
getting all the breaks and I'm getting
nothing and those questions start to
make you ask more questions and guess
what there are a lot of gurus out there
I'm not one of
them these gurus seem to have all the
answers but the
true the the people who truly
know what's going
on is that they
find the more questions they ask the
more questions they
have because it just keeps getting
deeper and deeper and deeper it's not a
point where you see all these people and
by the way the trolls are
listening just don't even bother
replying to them it's such a waste of
time there's a lot of good people on
this channel and we can't waste our time
on that we need to be more
productive there's so many gurus out
there who they know everything they know
what the price of gold is going to be
at the peak of the
hyperinflation they know what stocks to
invest in
tomorrow they know what the weather is
going to
be and they know all the ins and outs of
everything so these
gurus in my
opinion are really no different than the
Sheep just a little different way to
look at it
if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs
up and last but not least if you found
the video informative I know you'll find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative the first book covers
the historical sense then it gets into
the four asset classes and actually how
to profit from each one of those my new
release gets into familiar topics but
also gets into the reducing your monthly
expenses becoming
self-sufficient and what I call the
money GPS strategy if you want to look
through either of these books just go
over to Amazon they have a look inside
feature that will allow you to flip
through the pages of these books to see
if you like them take care